Mom's New Year's Eve
You can see my body
And you know what?
When I knew I was a late crow
I'm so happy.
I can finally leave this world, mom
Sorry.
I didn't make it.
What you expect
You may not understand
Why am I doing this?
I'm not trying to get revenge on anyone
I want you to know.
Your daughter is actually not that bad.
I have been a left-behind child for 4 years
I read some books.
I haven't met many people
I haven't traveled.
I didn't even get a break.
So...
I took my organs
All donated
I took the money for my exact organ 400,000
Now.
My money and my mask
All returned
We can finally pay it back in two installments.
I can even think of
I was lying in the morgue.
They clean every inch of my body
i
Dirty for 25 years
Finally
Clean and dead
What do you want?
Don't touch me. I'm going to find my daughter
She was flying around with me.
I'm going to save her.
Save what?
She's already dead.
Didn't we see her body on New Year's Eve?
No no
You see he sent me a video
That person is not him
The top and bottom don't look like that.
This video was already recorded
regular sale
He was a dead man.
and
People with advanced stomach cancer can't eat anything
Do you remember what summer was like tonight?
Ah of course I remember
It's mom's little baby
The mind is too young
Can't see clearly
Why don't I believe you?
The body has been taken away
Who took it?
No we agree
Who can take my daughter away?
Taken away by a young man
Besides, the other day you said it wasn't your daughter
You don't even know your own daughter
How did you become parents?
My daughter has terminal stomach cancer.
She was so frustrated that we didn't recognize the heroine.
Who said it was stomach cancer?
She was dying of pain.
He was still alive when he went to the hospital.
She didn't get any anesthesia.
Direct living donation
You have to think about how painful that is.
I don't know.